README.md, before:

# RepetierPlugin
# Version 3.4
# Shane Bumpurs
Cura plugin which enables printing directly to Repetier and monitoring the progress

This plugin is basically a copy of the Octoprint plugin with the necessary changes to work with repetier server.

Installation
----
* Manually:
  - Make sure your Cura version is 3.4 there are significant changes from 3.2
  - Download or clone the repository into [Cura installation folder]/plugins/RepetierPlugin
    or in the plugins folder inside the configuration folder. The configuration folder can be
    found via Help -> Show Configuration Folder inside Cura.
    NB: The folder of the plugin itself *must* be ```RepetierPlugin```
    NB: Make sure you download the branch that matches the Cura branch (ie: 3.1 for Cura 2.2-3.1, 3.2 for Cura 3.2, 3.3 for Cura 3.3 etc)


How to use
----
- Make sure Repetier is up and running
- In Cura, add a Printer instance name that matches the 3d printer name you have added to Repetier.  The name of the instance _must_ match the printer.
- Select "Connect to Repetier" on the Manage Printers page.
- Select your Repetier instance from the list and enter the API key which is
  available in the Repetier settings.  If you've setup a userid and password you must click advanced and enter that information.
- From this point on, the print monitor should be functional and you should be
  able to switch to "Print to Repetier" on the bottom of the sidebar.
  
  Config example:
  ![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12956626/37628328-fae3cbc6-2ba6-11e8-93bc-2b138debe246.jpg "Config")

  Repetier 90.1 Webcam config issue:
  You must choose MJPG Stream alone and not use the default.
  ![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12956626/42852880-a54c0d1c-89f8-11e8-8541-bf9d691cbae4.jpg "Webcam Config")
  
  Latest update to fix issues with complex instance ids provided by JPerrin72
  New fix for printers without webcams

Commit message:

More printer name fixes
Fixes printers with names with single quote or spaces.  Translates as Repetier converts the single quotes to nothing and spaces to underscore.

README.md, after:

# RepetierPlugin
# Version 3.4.x
# Shane Bumpurs
Cura plugin which enables printing directly to Repetier and monitoring the progress

This plugin is basically a copy of the Octoprint plugin with the necessary changes to work with repetier server.

Installation
----
* Manually:
  - Make sure your Cura version is 3.4 there are significant changes from 3.2
  - Download or clone the repository into [Cura installation folder]/plugins/RepetierPlugin
    or in the plugins folder inside the configuration folder. The configuration folder can be
    found via Help -> Show Configuration Folder inside Cura.
    NB: The folder of the plugin itself *must* be ```RepetierPlugin```
    NB: Make sure you download the branch that matches the Cura branch (ie: 3.1 for Cura 2.2-3.1, 3.2 for Cura 3.2, 3.3 for Cura 3.3 etc)


How to use
----
- Make sure Repetier is up and running
- In Cura, add a Printer instance name that matches the 3d printer name you have added to Repetier.  The name of the instance _must_ match the printer.
- Select "Connect to Repetier" on the Manage Printers page.
- Select your Repetier instance from the list and enter the API key which is
  available in the Repetier settings.  If you've setup a userid and password you must click advanced and enter that information.
- From this point on, the print monitor should be functional and you should be
  able to switch to "Print to Repetier" on the bottom of the sidebar.
  
  Config example:
  ![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12956626/37628328-fae3cbc6-2ba6-11e8-93bc-2b138debe246.jpg "Config")

  Repetier 90.1 Webcam config issue:
  You must choose MJPG Stream alone and not use the default.
  ![alt text](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12956626/42852880-a54c0d1c-89f8-11e8-8541-bf9d691cbae4.jpg "Webcam Config")
  
  Latest update to fix issues with printers with names with spaces and single apostrophes (ex. Bob's Printer) Now gets properly translated to Bobs_Printer as Repetier converts it.
  Latest update to fix issues with complex instance ids provided by JPerrin72
  New fix for printers without webcams
